Block on (#41)
Rust-Cameroon/async-chat: docs/block_on.md

# Overview of block_on function

## What's block_on

The block_on function is a synchronous function that produces a final value of an asynchronous function, 
you can think of it as an adapter from the asynchronous world to the synchronous world. The block_on 
function is part of the tokio or async-std crates, not part of the standard library.

## Why block_on 

> In a sense, asynchronous function just pass the buck, this buck is simply due to the fact that, when 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a sense, asynchronous function just pass the bug, this bug is simply due to the fact that, when 
```

executing a synchronous function: the caller only resumes when the operation is completed, what if we 
want our thread to do something else while the operating system is doing his work, we will need to use 
new I/O library that provides an asynchronous version of this function, Rust approach of supporting 
asynchronous operation is by introducing a trait, std::future::Future.

> A Future represent an operation you can test for completion. So with Future, you can always know the state of the current thread inother to do other jobs, but using futures seems challenging because, you keep on polling other jobs while a future is still pending, keeping track of previous futures who are pending and what should be done once there are finished and poll it again, and this somehow ruin the simplicity of the function. Good news, asynchronous function is there, this buck is solved using .await expression which pause the execution of this async function until the awaited value is ready before resuming back it execution. it's true that it easy to get the value of an async function: just await it. But async function itself return a future, so it's now the caller's job to do the polling somehow, thus someone has to wait for value and in this case block_on is our waiter. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Future represent an operation you can test for completion. So with Future, you can always know the state of the current thread in other to do other jobs, but using futures seems challenging because, you keep on polling other jobs while a future is still pending, keeping track of previous futures who are pending and what should be done once there are finished and poll it again, and this somehow ruin the simplicity of the function. Good news, asynchronous function is there, this bug is solved using .await expression which pause the execution of this async function until the awaited value is ready before resuming back it execution. it's true that it easy to get the value of an async function: just await it. But async function itself return a future, so it's now the caller's job to do the polling somehow, thus someone has to wait for value and in this case block_on is our waiter. 
```
